I think you may have to come in because
this video let's write up John's and
correct signs back to the sport bike
market a brand new lineup of products
for 2009
with the cs1 badge
products and polish stainless steel
black ceramic finish someone else's
sorry friend this is on your new zx10
practice the secrets of a Oh 8 o 9 ZX
tens and it's a 10 inch black ceramic CS
one slip on
currently we're jacking this bike for
example generates 157 horsepower stock
so see one magazine
this is available for which policy are
you covering all the Oh hands right now
we're covering all the major brands that
were just
can we buy correctly supervisor we have
to go to retail
now let's slowly think this man tonight
it's a couple different websites if
we're going to look at the sportbikes
offensive website for the Manson is calm
well that's easy
alright thanks
you